Hey, good morning, family. How are you
all
doing today? I have some things on my
heart to talk to you all about. First
off, I just want to say thank you for all
the people who are liking
and subscribing;
you are such a
blessing to us. I mean, I think my channel
went in the last two weeks from 125,000
to 130-something thousand now, and I
give all the glory to God. You know,
people want to say, 'Brandon, are you a
prophet? Are you a watcher? Who are
you?'And
I just want to tell everybody now,
I'm just a person who prays. I
don't label myself as anything; I just
want to let everybody know I just
love Jesus, and that's all that matters.
If
anybody wants to label me
anything—like
with the interview of Chris
yesterday—people
say, 'You're a
prophet,'or
'You're this, you're
that.'No,
I'm a person just like you
all. I come on here and I tell everybody
that Jesus is coming, and that's all that
I want to be called. I don't need a
platform. I don't need my name
in
lights. I just want Jesus to be excited
about me when I cross over, and that's
all that matters to me. I want to
tell you all this; this is very
important that you understand. The
Lord gave me this revelation.
I wasn't going to go down this path,
but it just came
up. People are so focused
on being something big in this life,
and you're missing
it. If you want popularity, and if you're
wanting the world system to acknowledge
you—fame,
money,
success—all
that, you're in trouble. People need to
understand that this life is a vapor, and
we all see that. I feel like
the older I get, the time
seems to be going faster and faster.
But one night I was praying, and the Lord
showed me into the thousand-year ruling
and reigning. He said the last will be
first, and the first will be last. A
lot of people that feel they're
going to have great rewards in heaven
are going to be shocked because of the
fact that you did it all for praise on
the
earth. The Bible says that he that sows in
secret will be rewarded
openly. Even Jesus
said praying in
secret, giving in secret, doing things
without having to have praise on this earth—basically,
that
is what I'm trying to
talk about: volunteering at the church
or cleaning a bathroom just because
you love the Lord. You didn't have to
have people say, 'Look at me, look at me! I just
gave $10,000 to the
church!'versus
the widow who gave two pennies, but
she gave all she
had. Look at what happened to the people
in
the story in the Bible;
Jesus was saying she was
greater, right? So here we are
again: Jesus Christ is the same yesterday,
today, and
forever. When you do things in
private unto the Lord, there's more
reward to that. Now, if
you're doing it, like I said, some people
want to say, 'Hey, well, I just want to let
you know I gave that person this or
that,'you
got your reward right there.
You're not getting anything on the other
side. I'm just telling you, when we step
over into that thousand years, you are
going to be shocked when you see who's
first and who's last. People have no
idea the arrogance that they
display in their hearts. The Lord looks
at the core,
the deep hidden things, the motives of
why you do things, your thoughts, your
intentions; everything, He looks at it. And
I'm telling you all, He
does it to me all the time. He says,
'Brandon, I'm monitoring your heart.
I'm watching you.'And even
whenever I have bad thoughts or I'm
angry, He says, 'Check those thoughts. Change your
thoughts right now.'And I say, 'Oh, yes,
Lord.'The
closer you get with Him
and the closer you walk with Him, He will
correct those things, and
it's all to go from glory to glory. So,
I'm going back to this: when you get to
the other side and you did all
these things unto the Lord versus
doing
it for the praise of man or
because of a wrong motive, I'm telling
you, the Lord showed me. He said
everything is based on
seedtime
and harvest. Everything. Whatever a man
sows,
that will he also reap. And
every seed produces after its own kind.
So, whenever He showed me into the
thousand years, He said,
'Brandon, what you're sowing every
single day of your
life...'Every
day you get up, we all have
seven
days a week, we all have 24 hours in a
day. What you sow in that time,
day by day, turns into
years.
That
timeframe
is
the seed that
you sowed for the thousand years.
Everything you seed in that timeframe is
what you
will
reap—good
intentions or whatever.
Your heart
sowing
that into the thousand years, you're
going to reap it. And the position you
will have in that
thousand-year
ruling and reigning with Him,
what you will do in those thousand
years—I'm
telling you all, I've seen
it—it
will be what you sowed in your life
on this earth. How you walked in love... You
have to walk in love. People say, 'Oh,
you're being criticized all over the
internet; are you going to respond to
that?'And
I say no. Love takes no account
of a suffered wrong. No matter how bad
somebody runs you down, you don't go back
and attack.
They have their opinion,
they're entitled to it, but I don't have
to allow people... They say, 'Why do you
erase
the comments? Why do you do all this
stuff?'Because
just as much as this is
my house, I have to protect my people
that come in
here. You're not going to come and
throw up all over my
platform. It's my job to keep it, just
like a pastor takes care of his church;
he doesn't allow people to come in and
just vomit all over the
aisles and the stage. So, I'm not
going to allow people to come and vomit in
here. If you're rude, I erase it. My
son does; I don't have time to read all
that trash. But I'm going to tell
you this: my job is to maintain love. Love
takes no account of a suffered wrong.
Regardless of how somebody is talking bad
about you and running you down on
another channel, the
Bible says pray for those that come
against you. Pray for them.
Love on them, and that's
what Jesus would do. He didn't
go over there and say, 'Well, you Pharisees,
I'm going
to
beat
you
up.'Jesus
said, 'I love
you, period. I pray for you.'And so
that's where I have to stay:
maintain an atmosphere of love because
that's the greater glory. If you want to
walk in the greater glory, if you want to
walk in the presence of the
Lord, God is love. It's not just what He does;
it's who He
is. God is love. And I want to
abide in the Lord. 'If you abide in Me
and
My words remain in you, you shall ask
what you will and it shall be
done.'But
God is love, and that has to abide in you,
and you remain in Him. I'm telling
you, the moment you start getting off of
that love walk and not walking in love,
you're letting the devil rule and reign
over
you. All I can do is keep looking at
you and saying, 'Lord, help
me,'because
I want Jesus to flow
through my life. I want Him to shine on
me. Whenever I stand in this seat, I
take it seriously. I
pray, and I feel the Lord has told
me to come on here and tell you all
what He tells me to tell you. Now, if you
think I'm off, like some people do, then
just click out. Click it off. You
don't have to be hateful and rude. Just
click off and say, 'You know what?
Whatever.'My
job is to just try to
tell you what I feel like the
Lord
told me to tell you. So here's what I
had for you today. That was a little side
note, but I have something
more for
you, and this is important that you
hear. I am not giving glory or
any kind of praise to the devil at
all; he came
uninvited. But I want to tell
you this because I feel like it's
important because people need to
know some things like this.
One night I was asleep, and I was
woken up in the
middle of the night, about 3:00 in the
morning, with Satan standing right in
front of my
bed. At this
time, I'm going to go into detail—and I
never do this because he's
not worthy of it, he is a piece of
trash—but
people need to
understand more in detail about things.
I think a lot
of times
the body of Christ is real ignorant
of
a lot of things of the spirit.
I try to just brush over
things sometimes, but I felt in my spirit
today to go into more detail about
things,
and then I'm going to go
somewhere else with it. So, I just want
you to
listen. I was woken up out of my sleep,
and the devil was standing right there.
I'm going to describe
him to you: he is beautiful. His hair
is flowing down to his shoulders, but it
is very beautiful. The layers of him...
The way his face was,
it draws you in. His eyes were
as black as
onyx—the
blackest, most evil eyes I've ever seen.
It was
just pure evil. But his face and
his voice... His voice sounded like
music. This is very interesting. The pitch
of his voice was
perfect. The way his voice carried
when he spoke to
me, it sounded
like
a symphony.
It didn't sound like musical
instruments playing; it carried perfect
pitch. The way it hit my ears when I
heard it, it was
soothing. His
clothes were flowing, and it almost looked
like one of those
commercials when you put
the fan in front of the model's face and
the hair is blowing and it's very
dramatic—they
flip their hair
and
the wind is blowing in it
like a fan. It was like that because his
hair was
moving like it was
alive. But he had a light around
him. He comes as an angel of
light—deceitful.
He's trying to mimic
everything that God is. He's so evil, but
he comes as if he's good, but he is
not.
He is deceitful, and he's an accuser of
the
brethren. At this time,
I was laying
there, and I was frozen in my bed with the
most fear I've ever felt in my whole
entire life. I'm just being
real with you all; I couldn't move. I was
just locked. You know when
you come up on a
dog or something very dangerous, like a
poisonous snake, your
body and adrenaline are flowing so strong
you just lock?
That's the way I felt.
I just froze and I started
praying underneath my breath. I was
saying,
'In the name of Jesus, get out of my
house. In the name of Jesus, get out of my
house.'But
I was saying it out of so much
fear. He started laughing at me, and he
was
cackling the whole time.
He said, 'I've
come with a message for you. I'm
going to offer you something.'At this
time I'm just frozen, not
knowing what to do. This is what I think
is
interesting:
when you're
seeing over in the spirit, he used the
gift that I have, the prophetic, to be
able to attain it. With seeing over in
the spirit with the
demonic, I was shown a vision. Now, he presented this to me, and in
the spirit, I saw it as a vision. I
see
this
vision
of all this, and he
says, 'I'm going to offer you
anything and everything if you bow your
knee to me and you worship
me.'He
said, 'I will give you your
heart's desires of everything and
anything you ever wanted.'And he showed
me. I could see cars—Ferraris,
Lamborghinis—massive
houses on the
ocean, all this stuff, piles of cash. I
could see piles of cash.
He
showed me all this
wealth, a yacht—massive
yachts—everything
that your fleshly
desires
would ever imagine. He had it
all spread out.
'If you bow your knee and you use your
giftings for me, I will make you
wealthy
beyond anything you could ever
comprehend.'So,
he takes me in, and I
see this massive palace. It's
the
most evil, but he tried to make it
look beautiful.
It was black
onyx—his
throne. Not an altar;
it was a
throne—a
throne that was pure black
onyx
with red rubies
and diamonds on it.
But
remember I told you I went to the throne
room with the Father? The Lord
showed me His throne. He tried to
mimic and mock the Lord's throne. But I
told you living water was flowing from
the Father's
throne—the
most beautiful, clear crystal water was
flowing out of the throne of God, and it
was coming into a massive pool on the
bottom of
the steps of the Father. There was
beautiful water, and it was living water.
Well, down the devil's
throne was blood, and there was a pool of
blood at the bottom of the steps. It looked like
red-looking,
nasty stuff flowing down
the
steps of this place. In the
front,
it opened up and
then there were these two
black-looking
pillars.
It
looked like marble because it was like
the Roman
Coliseum, the way that was all designed.
It's all
chiseled out
like those
Greek columns inside
his throne room.
There were
all
these pillars going straight
up; I could see the pillars in the spirit
realm.
The floor had the pool of
blood, and it was all right before
his throne. He had this decoration
stuff; of course, he's satanic,
he's the devil.
But it was all around the floor; it was
like this marble and
everything. He was trying to show all
his wealth of what was his
in the
earth. All I could do at this time
whenever he was offering me this... I
spoke out loud and said, 'I will never
bow my knee to you, and I will never
give my heart over to
you.'There's
nothing that you
could offer me that I would ever want.
I was
so angry at this moment because I
was
frozen in fear.
And there's a lot of you that
don't believe in the baptism of the Holy
Spirit and speaking in other
tongues, but I do believe it, and I
practice this daily. All of a sudden,
I just started praying in the spirit.
The Lord told me,
'Brandon, you have to pray in the spirit
and you have to build yourself up right
now.'And
I started praying in
tongues. And what seemed like literally the
whole time I'm praying in tongues, he's
laughing at me and he's mocking me.
It was like a
cackle—the
Michael Jackson Thriller laugh—the whole
time he's laughing, and I'm telling you,
it was so loud it felt like it was echoing
in my house.
My son will play
what it sounded like; it sounded like
Michael
Jackson's
'Thriller.'He's
laughing at me, and I'm praying in
the spirit.
I said, 'In the name of Jesus, get out of
my house!'And he's just laughing. But I'm
in fear, and fear tolerated is faith
contaminated. When you're
operating in fear, you're not operating
in faith because you have more
faith in the ability of the devil to hurt you than you have faith in
God to protect you.
Fear is fear of
death. So I'm in fear of him,
and at that moment I'm
freaking out. But I'm praying in the
spirit, and I'm just praying, and
it felt like it was forever. All of
a sudden, I
just
felt that bubbling, that fire come up out
of my belly, and I said, 'In the name
of Jesus, you get out of my house
now!'And
all of a sudden, everything
went, and he disappeared right in front
of my
face because fire came up out of my
belly. Out of your belly shall flow
rivers of living water. You have
authority over the devil, but you have to
understand who you are in Christ, and you
can't be in fear.
You have to build yourself up by
praying in the spirit. You have to
understand that Word and get that Word
down inside of your heart. You have to
understand that greater is He that is in
you than he that is in the world. You
can't be afraid because when the devil
shows
up like that, you've got to
understand who you are and you don't
entertain it. But this is where I
thought was interesting.
How do you know when the
devil comes and gives you a vision?
Because people say, 'How? The devil's
giving him
visions.'The
devil
is
giving you these things;
he's a messenger of
the devil, he's not a prophet of God.
I've seen that side.
You know how you
know the difference between the Lord and
the
devil? You can get snared very easily by
a familiar spirit messing with the
way the Lord has
allowed me to, with my
prophetic gifting and being a watchman.
You have to be in the presence of the
Lord through worship and His Word.
You will have to
know when you're operating in the
pureness of the gift, which is when you're
under the glory. When you are underneath
the presence in worship and you are
reading your Bible and you're praying,
there is not a devil in hell that comes
like that.
When
that glory
comes in and that's whenever you start
seeing
over, you will get
snared if you're just going around
saying, 'I'm seeing stuff, I'm seeing
stuff.'You're
going to get snared by a demonic
spirit, and it's very
easy to do. You have got to maintain...
when you're underneath
worship
and
it's
pure and it's coming out of you and you
get under that
river of praise and worship and you
start seeking the Father and you're
praying and you're speaking in tongues
and
He starts showing you things...
that's how you know.
You get over in the spirit by praying in
tongues, and you get in there and worship,
and you get in the Bible, and then you
say, 'Father, show me scriptures to back up
what I'm seeing.
Give me a
scripture to back up,'because I'm not going
to get snared by some kind of devil
coming in here trying to tell me
something.
You have to
get in the river of praise and
worship and you have to get in the Word
and test the spirits.
Test the
spirits and see whether they are of God
or not. If it doesn't line up, you're
going to... and I tell you this: you'll
have peace that passes understanding.
The Bible says the sheep
will know the Shepherd's voice and a
stranger's voice he'll not follow. But
when you're hearing the
devil, there's torment because fear has
torment. He is a
devil that torments.
That's why I say
a lot of times, 'How do you know
that's God?'Because they have
peace. He said He will have perfect
peace whose mind is stayed on
Him
because he's trusting in Him.
How do you have peace if
you're seeing destruction and
a pestilence? You have peace because
He is the Prince of
Peace. When
He flows
with you and you abide in Him
and His
words remain in you...
when you're
close to the vine and you're close to
Him and you're with the
Father, you will have peace. You have
joy, you have patience, you have kindness,
you have goodness, you have self-control
because He is love.
That's how I do it.
That's how
you do it: you follow the
voice of the Lord when you walk in love,
when you pray in the spirit, and
you read your Bible and you
fellowship with Him with worship.
He said He inhabits
the praises of His
people.
That's how I keep
myself clean. That's how I keep myself
right before Him. And
volunteering... don't take
any
praise from Him; don't take any glory.
Always know that we have this treasure in
earthen
vessels so that
the excellence
of the power might be
known of Him and not of me.
I have this treasure
of Jesus in this
earthen
vessel, but the excellence of
His power will be known of Him. It's
about Him and it's not about me.
If you
always keep your heart right before Him
and you always give Him praise, He'll
come and visit you. But if you start
taking His glory, if you start taking
what belongs to Him like the devil
did, He's going to cast you
out.
Look at what the
devil did: he tried to say he
exalted himself above God. He wanted
to become like God; he wanted to be most
powerful, and he fell like lightning.
Just always know that you never touch
God's
glory. Always
keep yourself humble before Him, and in
due time He will exalt you.
Always keep
yourself small in your own eyes, and you
keep walking with Him, and He'll
come and share His secrets with you
because He knows He can trust you.
People think they can fool Him. It's
silly. God knows your future
more than you know your
past,
and you can't
pull a fast one over on Him.
This is
interesting.
A lot of people
say, 'The devil's talking to
me.'The
devil's a fallen angel.
So if you can hear the devil's
voice in the spirit
realm, you can hear your angel's voice
in the spirit realm. But
an
angel will
never come and talk to you just to
talk—like,
'Hey, let's go hang out.'An angel is
there on an assignment to warn you about
something if need be. The Holy Spirit
tells you a lot of things inside of you,
but if he comes to
you—you
entertain angels unaware—they'll come
and say, 'Listen, don't go this
way,'and
he's trying to really protect you.
They're sent to
protect us, but they're not there to hang
out with you and to be your friend. So
don't be going around saying, 'I'm going
to hang out with my angel
today,'because
you'll
get snared by a familiar spirit. Angels
are there on assignment to protect you. I
commission
my angels; I say, 'Angels of
the Lord, I thank you, you are
protecting
us.'And
I
commission them from the north, the south,
the
east, the west to protect our home today.
I call my angels—swords and shields
drawn—to
watch over us.
I always give God the
praise; I never praise an angel. You never
worship an angel.
They are there to protect you,
but they are not there to
be
worshipped.
You can
hang out with Jesus; you hang out with
the Holy Spirit. He's the one that dwells
on the inside of you.
How do you know an angel's
talking to you versus the devil? The
devil's a fallen angel.
Just don't talk to angels; talk to
the Holy Spirit.
I commission my angels all the
time. 'Go with my children and you protect
them as they go to this place or that
place.'I
thank You, Lord, that
You're sending angels here with us
to protect us on the way to church or on
the way to the grocery store.
I send my
angels with my children to protect them
as they go to school. I thank You, Lord,
that Psalm 91 says that they will
bear us up in their hands lest we
dash our foot against a stone.
They're
ministering spirits sent for the heirs
of salvation. I believe with all my
heart that God's given His angels
charge over us to protect us.
I hope that
blessed you all today.
I need you all to understand that
the devil comes to kill, steal, and
destroy,
and God said He came that we might have
life and life more abundantly. I
want to pray for you all today.
Oh man, I almost
said the Lord told me to tell you this
also. He said, 'Brandon, you're coming to
the last half of the year. Here we are;
January's coming. What are you believing
for in
2024?'The
year's not over with.
Do not give up on what you're
believing for in
2024; this is not over. We've got half a
year left. He said, 'Brandon,
tell my people to believe for
bigger.'Believe
bigger in
2024. Believe that you can have
exceedingly, abundantly above all that
you dare ask or think. I believe with all
my heart that the better days of
2024—the
wealth of the
sinner—is
laid up for the
righteous still yet to come this year.
There's still something supernatural
happening. People say,
'Well, you believe a crash is
coming?'Not
before financial blessings for the body
of Christ. I do not believe that we will
see a massive crash happen before God's
blessing for His kids to get us out of
it. He is not going to allow us to go
through all the drama if you
are the remnant and you are seeking Him
daily. I believe God is going to take
care of His kids and that He's going to
provide for us with the supernatural
harvest before we see all the
drama.
He said, 'I've never seen
the righteous forsaken or his seed
begging bread.'And I believe with all my
heart God's going to take care of His
kids. If you're listening
to Him on what to do and how to invest,
I believe great days
are ahead before a financial shaking
happens.
Father, I just thank You for
every single person that is represented
here today. I bless them in the name of
Jesus, and I thank You, Father, for Your
hand on this house. I thank You, Lord, for
Your hand on their houses. I thank You,
Lord, that You're protecting us and
that You watch over us. Father, You
said that no calamity would come nigh us.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that we are
Your children and we hear Your
voice and a stranger's voice we will not
follow. I thank You, Father, that You said
that You would supply all our needs
according to Your riches and glory by
Christ Jesus. I plead the blood of
Jesus over every single one of us, from
the top of our heads to the soles of our
feet. I call us well in Jesus'name. Call
them healed and whole and well. I
thank You according to Your Word, Father,
that by Your stripes we are healed. I
thank You, Lord, that we don't have to
have sickness and disease in our bodies
according to Galatians—that Christ
has redeemed us from the curse of the
law. I thank You, Lord, that You've
given us authority over the devil, Father;
that You said we shall trample on serpents
and scorpions and nothing shall by any
means hurt us. I thank You, Lord, that You
said according to Your Bible,
Father, that
greater is He that is in
us
than he that is in the world. A thousand
shall fall at your side and ten thousand at
your right hand, but nothing shall come
nigh us. I thank You, Father, that we
submit ourselves therefore unto God, we
resist the devil, and he will flee from
us in Jesus'name. And Father, I thank You,
Lord, for all those things that You
promised us in Your scripture. I
thank You, Lord, that we
can be the head, not the tail; above and
not beneath.
Father, I pray for every single person
that is watching this
channel today, and I thank You,
Lord, that they're refreshed
and
excited about life. They know
that You said to believe for bigger.
Believe for bigger, for
exceedingly abundantly above all that
you dare ask or think. I thank You, Father,
that all our desires of our heart... You
said You give us the desires of our
heart. I thank You, Father. I thank You,
Lord, that we are blessed in the city
and in the field, coming in and going
out. This is a good year—that 2024 is going to be a year that
we soar and we go
even higher with You, and that there
is
still half a year left. We
give You praise for it. All of August,
September, October, November, and
December—five
months. You can do a
lot in five months.
So Lord, we give You praise and glory for
it today. We thank You, Lord, that You
died on the cross and You rose again on
the third day and You made it where we
don't have to go to hell. Father,
You paid the price for us, and
Father, we love You and we worship You. We
give You all the praise and glory for it
in the mighty name of Jesus. Amen
and amen. Well, like I said, thank you all
for joining me. If you could, like
and subscribe if you're not
already subscribed. Thank you for
sticking around.
Put a smile on your
face and a song in your heart. Jesus
loves you so much and we love you, and we
will see you all next time. God bless you
all and have a wonderful day. Bye-bye.